h2. Spy - Easily Assume Another Identity

h3. Reason for Existing

Sometimes I need to login to a site as a different user. Whether it's to check on a bug, double check permissions , or to confirm something with my own eyes, it's often not convenient or prudent to keep a list of other's information, and the logout of mine, login to theirs, logout of theirs, now back to mine process reminds me too much of that Old Spice commercial.

So, I designed this gem to take advantage of multiple scopes in Warden, with the goal of quickly switching my current_user around to anyone in the system as needed.

I also hope this gem provides a useful real world example of how to build a Rails 3 engine. Once you feel comfortable with these basics I'd highly recommend looking at "Devise":http://github.com/plataformatec/devise for an excellent reference on Rails 3 generators, initializers, engines, and more.

h3. Version Requirements and Info

I started Spy with RubyGems 1.3.7, bundler 1.0.0.beta.5, and designed it to work with edge rails and edge devise (as of 7-25-2010).
The end target is Rails 3 and whatever version of Devise is built against that.

I used ruby 1.8.7 (2009-12-24 patchlevel 248) primarily to start, and will be testing out other implementations as time permits.

h3. Usage Requirements

There are a couple assumptions that Spy makes:

# There is an ActiveRecord model <code>User</code>
# A @user instance responds_to?(:is_admin?)
# A @user instance has a to_s method that looks good in a select list
# You're not already doing something with the :admin scope in Warden
